(birds chirping)
Man, Auntie still
isn't here yet!
Yes, I know.
She asked us for this
favor, and now she's late!
I'm getting tired of waiting.
There's no choice.
I guess we'll just have to
go and find her ourselves.
Okay!
(suspenseful music)
She's not here.
(door thuds open)
Huh?
Big Bro, it's Kankitsu!
[Konohamaru] Yeah.
What now?
I'll follow Kankitsu.
You stay here and
look for Asaki.
-Okay, got it.
-(whooshing)
(birds chirping)
(suspenseful music)
(Opening Theme Music)
(singing in Japanese)
Mm.
(grunts)
It's a trap!
Damn it!
Just what are you doing here?
Only Daidai Village citizens
are permitted to be here
on this sacred ground.
I'd already asked you to
leave this place earlier.
So, why are you still here?
I'm going to contact the Leaf
and file an official
complaint with them.
Escort him out of the village.
[Subordinate] Yes, sir.
All right, then.
And now--
(birds chirping)
I can't find Auntie anywhere!
I thought that she'd be
in the mansion, but--
Hey, what is--
Kankitsu!
What is he doing?
-(door bangs shut)
-Hm?
(gasps)
Ms. Asaki!
Huh?
I've been looking for you!
How come you didn't meet us at
the time that we'd agreed to?
Hm?
So--
Listen, what's the deal?
(clears throat)
My child, you can't just
barge onto people's property.
Now, I won't tell
anyone you came here,
so, hurry and leave, all right?
Huh?
What are you even talking about?
(Asaki gasps)
(suspenseful music)
[Asaki] That's the--
Lord Kankitsu is definitely
hiding something, after all!
I have to stop him!
But Ms. Asaki, you're the
one who came to talk to us!
Now, go on.
Hurry on along home.
There'll be trouble
if someone sees you.
Wait--
What?
Hold on, you really
don't remember me?
(soft music)
Okay, what exactly
is going on here?
(grunts)
(wind whistling)
I have a bad feeling about this.
(soft music)
The wedding ritual's
just around the corner.
And so, it's about
time I destroyed this.
[Asaki] Please, stop!
[Kankitsu] You!
That's Lady Remon's
precious hair clip!
Please, you must return it!
Let go!
I said let go!
[Asaki] Ow!
(air whooshing)
(metallic thud)
Wait, this is--
It's Miss Remon's.
How dare you try to
break that hair clip!
Lord Kankitsu would
never do such a thing!
Now, tell me, who
are you, really?
(Kankitsu giggles)
[Asaki] What's so funny?
I guess that it wasn't enough
to just erase your memory.
What must be done now
is to totally erase you.
(grunting)
Lord Kankitsu?
What are--
(whooshing)
Wait, you're that boy!
Are you all right?
-It's you!
-That's right!
Who are you?
Tell us!
[Kankitsu] So, the
insect was still here--
[Boruto] Huh?
[Kankitsu] Two more days.
I won't allow anyone
to get in the way.
Not this close to the ritual.
[Boruto] Just what
are you planning?
There's no need for
you to know that.
Even if you found out, you're
just going to forget again!
(whooshing)
Ms. Asaki, go and hide!
(rocks rumbling)
[Asaki] Watch out!
Ah!
No, stop!
Quick, get away!
(grunting)
(whooshing)
Ms. Asaki!
(groaning)
(whooshing)
(gasping)
(groaning)
(screaming)
(whooshing)
(panting)
What did he wanna say, anyway?
[Cho-Cho] What?
I mean, it's not like they
actually loved each other
or anything like that, right?
Man, that movie was so boring.
What?
What are you talking about?
Of course they loved each other!
They were both in love,
but they just couldn't
stay together!
It was a totally
tragic story, ya jerk!
What? But how?
They didn't say
anything to each other
about being in love at all!
I just don't get it!
How can they be
boyfriend and girlfriend?
The only girlfriend I
have is my Ninja Way!
My goal is to become the Hokage!
I can't let things like
romantic relationships
get in the way of my focus!
(panting)
(grunting)
(whooshing)
(dramatic music)
Hey.
It's all okay now.
Please, forgive my rudeness.
First of all, my
name's Remon Yoimura.
Oh, Boruto.
Thank you.
(sighs)
(dramatic music)
Hey, I'll never
forget your kindness!
(giggling)
(glass shattering)
(water burbling)
(grunting)
(panting)
(giggling)
Who are you?
-Why were you in the shrine?
-Huh?
[Kankitsu] Capture him.
[Subordinate] Lord Kankitsu!
Understood, sir!
Don't try anything!
Wait, hold up!
Look, you guys are--
[Asaki] Quick, get away!
(panting)
[Subordinate] He
should be around here!
Find him!
[Man] Right!
-(sighs)
-Who are those guys?
And also, where am I?
Oh, man.
(groaning)
-I found him!
-Huh?
-Just stay right there!
-Damn it!
(banging)
Ah!
(water splashing)
-Shall we--
-No.
We shouldn't waste time
on just one insect.
We must prepare for
the wedding ritual.
As long as that hair clip
remains out of
Remon's possession,
there's nothing to worry about.
I understand the story
about the Soma Rock.
But why would you intentionally
choose to act so recklessly?
This really isn't
like you at all!
Daidai Village has filed
an official complaint.
They say you trespassed
onto their sacred grounds.
Is that the truth?
Yes.
[Shikamaru] Why did you go there
when they didn't even
request our help?
A monster that consumes
people's memories, huh?
That certainly is
a troubling story.
However, that village
has had a ritual in place
for many centuries
specifically to handle that.
It's understandable
that they consider
your intrusion into this
matter an abuse of authority.
I understand, sir.
Kankitsu Akitsuki has also
filed an individual complaint.
Look, I know you aren't
the kind of person
who'd do something like this.
Is there something
you're not telling us?
No, sir.
[Shikamaru] You do realize
that means you're acknowledging
everything that
they are claiming.
I do, there's no
excuse for my actions.
Hm.
I see.
Then, we have no choice.
We have to place you
under house arrest.
[Konohamaru] I understand.
(birds chirping)
(groaning)
Ow!
Mm?
What?
But how--
What am I even doing here?
I just can't remember.
Oh, well, I guess
I'll just go home.
Move up the wedding ritual?
That's right, I believe that
Soma's getting stronger.
Yes, I agree, I've been
feeling the same thing.
So that the villagers
can live without fear
as soon as possible,
we should marry earlier.
After all, that's our
duty and our destiny.
All right.
Then, let's perform
the ritual tomorrow.
Please, begin your preparations.
Lord Kankitsu,
I haven't seen my
attendant in a long time.
How is she doing?
Sorry.
I don't know.
But if I see her, I'll
tell her you're worried.
Please do so.
(soft music)
(bangs door shut)
(sighs)
(groans)
[Boruto] I'm home!
Welcome back, Big Brother!
Hey, what happened
to you out there?
Your clothes are so muddy!
-Oh, yeah.
-(giggles)
I think I must've
fallen or something.
Hey, hold on!
Don't come in here like that!
Take off your clothes
there and take a bath!
Okay.
[Himawari] Big
Brother, what's that?
[Boruto] Huh?
What is this?
It's so pretty!
Where did you get that?
Hm, I have no idea!
But how can you not know?
How is that possible?
Hm.
This is--
(suspenseful music)
(bangs drawer shut)
How'd I ever end up down
by the river yesterday?
(grunts)
Hey!
Why'd you--
Boruto, just what
did you do this time?
What are you talking about?
[Sarada] Come on,
don't play dumb!
Konohamaru Sensei is under
house arrest right now!
House arrest?
You didn't know
about it, Boruto?
No.
You probably did
something reckless again,
and Konohamaru Sensei
had to cover for you!
That's what happened, isn't it?
I didn't do anything!
Go and ask Big Bro
yourself, if you want!
Do you really think
it's easy to go and see
someone who's been put
under house arrest?
Yes, Ma'am, you have a point.
Apparently, he
abused his authority
in a village somewhere.
But we don't know the details.
A village somewhere?
Village--
Mm?
It's no good.
Not this one either!
I've looked through all
of these, and no luck!
Maybe it's
impossible, after all.
Damn it!
(slams desk)
(groans)
Gramps.
(giggles)
All right, on to the next one!
[Sarada] Huh, I was so
sure it was your fault!
I said I didn't do anything!
Still, what did he do?
I can't believe Big Bro would
be put under house arrest!
What's wrong?
[Boruto] No way!
[Sarada] What is it?
Why didn't I notice before?
They put out a brand new burger?
I've made up my mind,
I'm getting one!
[Mitsuki] Hm, you
haven't tried it yet?
You're usually the first to
jump on every new release.
It's been out for
several days already.
I totally thought you would
have tried it by this point.
Huh?
Yeah, you're right.
Why haven't I eaten it already?
Mm?
[Boruto] The Super
Sour Lemon Burger!
It looks so good!
You have to let
me know how it is.
If it's good, I'll
try it next time.
Hey, I'm not your
taste-tester, you know!
Thank you for the food!
Super sour!
(grunts)
Mm!
-(glass shattering)
-Super sour!
But it's so delicious!
Mm?
What was that just now?
What's the matter?
Was the burger
gross or something?
No, it's super good,
but I have this weird feeling
that I ate one with
somebody else before.
What?
Like who?
How do I say this?
Huh?
Oh, wait, I know!
Just hold on for
a minute, ya know!
Duh, duh, duh, duh!
Okay, she looks
exactly like this.
You know her?
Sorry, I can't say I do.
I don't know her, either.
Aw, man!
Look, Boruto, maybe
you're just tired.
You should probably go
home and rest today.
Yeah, maybe you're right.
I'll go home after
I finish this.
-(scoffs)
-Tired, huh?
Was I sent out on
a mission recently
that made me tired?
-(grunts)
-Oh, Cho-Cho!
I'm so sorry, Boruto!
Oh, it's okay, what's up?
Well, you know
that I'm such an incredibly
sensitive maiden, right?
Huh?
Every time that I go
see that tragic movie,
it keeps overlapping
with my own life!
Just thinking of
it makes me cry!
Oh, man, that stinks!
What movie did you watch?
"The Man Who Lives in
Ambition," of course!
Oh, is it any good?
Come on, you saw it
with me, remember?
[Boruto] Huh?
I did?
Ha!
So, you were sleeping
that time, after all!
Hm?
(sighing)
(air whooshing)
(glass shattering)
[Cho-Cho] Do you remember now?
Huh? No, not quite.
I mean, seriously!
I was feeling all moved
and you ruined it!
This is why I hate
little kids like you!
(groaning)
What's going on?
I feel like I'm about
to remember something.
But what?
(groans)
Hold on.
[Remon] Oh, how cute!
Would you like me
to get you one?
Miss Remon, the hair clip
you already had looked fancy.
You really didn't have
to accept something
as cheap-looking
as that new one.
No!
I actually like it!
(glass shattering)
(giggling)
Wait.
Miss Remon!
(soft music)
That's right, of course!
(inspiring music)
(glass shattering)
(water burbling)
(groaning)
I remember, all of it!
That's definitely--
There it is!
This is it!
I think this one
should be able to work!
[Boruto] Big Brother!
[Konohamaru] Boruto!
You're okay!
It was Kankitsu!
He's the one who's been
stealing people's memories!
Miss Remon and Daidai Village
are in danger right now!
(inspirational music)
Big Bro!
You're right.
Of course.
Let's go!
(inspirational music)
(Closing Theme Music)
(singing in Japanese)
(thrilling music)
[Boruto] Big Bro!
Today's the day of
the wedding ritual!
[Konohamaru] I can't
believe Kankitsu
was the one stealing memories!
Miss Remon's in danger!
Let's hurry!
[Boruto] Roger, now that's
what I'm talking about!
[Konohamaru] Miss Remon!
[Boruto] Next time on "Boruto
Naruto Next Generations,
"Konohamaru's Ninja Way"
[Konohamaru] I'm going to save
Miss Remon no matter what!
(energetic music)
(Closing Theme Music)